README.md, before:

# Multitenancy with subdomain

- This repository implements a schema-based multitenancy on subdomains with keycloak

## To run infrastructure

docker-compose up --build -d

## Setting Keycloak up

- set env variables on wrapper-keycloak
  - KEYCLOAK_ADMIN_USERNAME
  - KEYCLOAK_ADMIN_PASSWORD
- add a client in 'clients menu' for our Nest.js app that will communicate with keycloak
  - client authentication -> on
  - authorization -> on
  - authentication flow -> standard flow
  - direct access grantes -> on
  - service account roles
  - save client
  - get your client_secret in credentials tab and set KEYCLOAK_CLIENT_SECRET env variable
  - your client-id is the name of the client, also set KEYCLOAK_CLIENT_ID env variable
- get keycloak's public key token
  - go to master realm
  - realm settings
  - keys tab
  - find the algorithm RS256 with provider rsa-generated and click on public key
  - copy this key and set KEYCLOAK_PUBLIC_KEY_JWT_SECRET env variable using the following pattern: '-----BEGIN PUBLIC KEY-----\<KEY HERE>\n-----END PUBLIC KEY-----'
  - this key is important because it is used as a way to verify the token so we don't have to make a HTTP request to validate
- set your access and refresh token lifespans with the following variables
  - ACCESS_TOKEN_LIFESPAN
  - REFRESH_TOKEN_LIFESPAN

## Configuring application

- set variables
  - POSTGRES_HOST
  - POSTGRES_PORT
  - POSTGRES_DB
  - POSTGRES_USER
  - POSTGRES_PASSWORD

## Run wrapper-keycloak migrations

npm run typeorm:run-public-migration

## Now you are ready to go


### TODO

endpoint to exchange user token (switching environments/tenants)
roles integrity when changing profile's roles that users are assigned to
when creating an user, replicate it to all child tenants. Allow creation only in parent realm?

Commit message:

chore: group integrations with keycloak, removing profiles

README.md, after:

# Multitenancy with subdomain

- This repository implements a schema-based multitenancy on subdomains with keycloak

## To run infrastructure

docker-compose up --build -d

## Setting Keycloak up

- set env variables on wrapper-keycloak
  - KEYCLOAK_ADMIN_USERNAME
  - KEYCLOAK_ADMIN_PASSWORD
- add a client in 'clients menu' for our Nest.js app that will communicate with keycloak
  - client authentication -> on
  - authorization -> on
  - authentication flow -> standard flow
  - direct access grantes -> on
  - service account roles
  - save client
  - get your client_secret in credentials tab and set KEYCLOAK_CLIENT_SECRET env variable
  - your client-id is the name of the client, also set KEYCLOAK_CLIENT_ID env variable
- get keycloak's public key token
  - go to master realm
  - realm settings
  - keys tab
  - find the algorithm RS256 with provider rsa-generated and click on public key
  - copy this key and set KEYCLOAK_PUBLIC_KEY_JWT_SECRET env variable using the following pattern: '-----BEGIN PUBLIC KEY-----\<KEY HERE>\n-----END PUBLIC KEY-----'
  - this key is important because it is used as a way to verify the token so we don't have to make a HTTP request to validate
- set your access and refresh token lifespans with the following variables
  - ACCESS_TOKEN_LIFESPAN
  - REFRESH_TOKEN_LIFESPAN

## Configuring application

- set variables
  - POSTGRES_HOST
  - POSTGRES_PORT
  - POSTGRES_DB
  - POSTGRES_USER
  - POSTGRES_PASSWORD

## Run wrapper-keycloak migrations

npm run typeorm:run-public-migration

## Now you are ready to go


### TODO

endpoint to exchange user token (switching environments/tenants)
ajustar migrations (sem profile agr)
ver pq banco do keycloak está apagando qnd sobe de novo


### Questions

when creating an user, replicate it to all child tenants? Allow creation only in parent realm? How to control wich ones he has access to? checkbox to insert user in realm?
